README.md, before:

# **EN**
### **Monitor servers working times**

#### **Hello, simple Python project. It sends a ping request to the server or site and records the server's state and the date and time of the request was sent in its log file, and you can schedule its operating times using crontap**
#### **Before starting, please do these commands**
    pip3 install os
###### 
    pip3 install datetime

#### **To add websites or servers IPs, go to the list.py file and enter the data in the form of an array**

> Example: list = ['google.com1', 'twitter.com', '192.168.1.1']

#### **[Twitter: F14Commander](https://twitter.com/f14commander "Twitter: F14Commander")**

# **AR**

### **مراقبة اوقات عمل الخوادم**
### **يا هلا ، مشروع بايثون بسيط. يرسل  ping إلى الخادم أو الموقع ويسجل حالة الخادم وتاريخ ارسال الطلب ووقته في ملف السجل الخاص به ، ويمكنك جدولة أوقات عمله باستخدام crontap**
### **قبل البدء ، يرجى تنفيذ هذه الأوامر**
    pip3 install os
###### 
    pip3 install datetime
#### **لإضافة المواقع أو ايبيات الخوادم ، انتقل إلى ملف list.py وأدخل البيانات في شكل مصفوفة**
> مثال: list = ['google.com1', 'twitter.com', '192.168.1.1']

#### **[Twitter: F14Commander](https://twitter.com/f14commander "Twitter: F14Commander")**

Commit message:

programming bot telegram (telegram.py) for send the status & edit ReadmeFile [:

README.md, after:

# EN
### Monitor servers working times

#### Hello, simple Python project. It sends a ping request to the server or site and records the server's state and the date and time of the request was sent in its log file or you can add your telegram bot using telegram.py, and you can schedule its operating times using crontap
#### Before starting, please do these commands
    pip3 install os
###### 
    pip3 install datetime
###### 
    pip3 install requests
#### To add websites or servers IPs, go to the list.py file and enter the data in the form of an array

> Example: list = ['google.com1', 'twitter.com', '192.168.1.1']

#### [Twitter: F14Commander](https://twitter.com/f14commander "Twitter: F14Commander")
#### [Telegram Bot Programmer: ](https://github.com/S75XD)

# AR

### مراقبة اوقات عمل الخوادم
### يا هلا ، مشروع بايثون بسيط. يرسل  ping إلى الخادم أو الموقع ويسجل حالة الخادم وتاريخ ارسال الطلب ووقته في ملف السجل الخاص به او بإمكانك ربط السكربت مع بوت تيليقرام من خلال الملف الخاص به telegram.py  ، ويمكنك جدولة أوقات عمله باستخدام crontap
### قبل البدء ، يرجى تنفيذ هذه الأوامر
    pip3 install os
###### 
    pip3 install datetime
###### 
    pip3 install requests
#### لإضافة المواقع أو ايبيات الخوادم ، انتقل إلى ملف list.py وأدخل البيانات في شكل مصفوفة
> مثال: list = ['google.com1', 'twitter.com', '192.168.1.1']

#### [Twitter: F14Commander](https://twitter.com/f14commander "Twitter: F14Commander")
#### [مبرمج سكربت بوت التيليقرام:](https://github.com/S75XD)
